Colour Accuracy

We use standard industry software for designing and printing purpose.We do not guarantee any color matching or exact color print. 
There may be a possiblity for  slight colour variations between the images/graphics seen on the screen vs that on the printed product.By placing an order with jprintsllp.com, you understand and agree to these slight variations, same should be considered as acceptable and will not be considered production mistake and will not be eligible for refund or return or re-production.

These variations may arise due to the fact that colour profiles used in the display screens is of RGB format and the colour profiles used for printing is in CMYK format.
It is reponsibility of the customer to send us a CMYK artwork file, if they wish to match the exactness of the colour to the best possible extent.

Cancellation 

Currently there is no option for a customer to cancel the order on their own once the payment is made. Contact us at info@jvprintsllp.com within 24 hours, we can try to cancel it, provided the order has not gone into production. If the cancellation request happens after 24 hours or if production has been started already, we cannot entertain any request.

Cancellation fee

Minimum cancellation fee of Rs.20 will be charged to cover the payment gateway charges. 
Orders above Rs.5000 will be charged a cancellation fee of 3.5% of the order value. The remaining amount will be refunded after dectucting this charge.

Cancellation by our Side(jvprintsllp.com)

Please note that there may be certain orders that we are unable to accept and must cancel. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to refuse or cancel any order for any reason. There may be a situation where we would require additional verifications or information before processing your order, in such case we will contact you for further clarifications, post successful verifications/issue resolvement we will process your order. For cancelled orders, any amount debited or charged will be reversed back into your account.

Return and Refund Policy

At jvprintsllp.com, we strive to provide our customers with an easy and seamless printing experience.
Due to the nature of the products we offer, orders once fulfilled and shipped cannot be returned and no refund will be provided.
However, if you are not 100% satisfied with your order or have recieved a damaged product, please contact us within 48 hours of reciept of order.You may be requested to share photos of the product defect and/or ship the defective product back to us. Determination of defect is solely at the our discretion and our decision will be final in this regard, no refund shall be provided if your order is found to be ineligible for return process.
No request will be entertained after 48 hours of sucessful delivery of your order.

Over print and under print Policy

Due to the gang run method that we use, we cannot guarantee that every order will be the exact number of items which was ordered. We can guarantee that the quantity will come within +/- 5 to 10% of the number of items ordered.
